what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first to committee . 
i rise to the Senate committee that we do not know what the independent of surprised and too . 
i am not so that concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
over the next two years in the work that undertaking a senator . 
it is important to determine what is a committee , as some senators , supposedly new Senate committee that sit . 
i am therefore to note that one of the Senate committee was introduced in the last sitting of the nine to attend . 
it was sent a replacement . 
i do not name , one honourable senators . 
you can see that it does so , I am not nice ? 
the Senate will have to find that had been because their own research . 
one must accept the , a job when they do . 
the women who have proven sitting in the Senate . 
they have much more that the majority of the men in the Senate remplissaient . 
i remember that the committee held in February of veterans of the hold to the 1998 . 
it is then sitting in the House of Commons Ni or the Senate . 
they sat in the proceedings of the committee , all three senators of women . 
the leadership of the Senate committee could not find it to a man . 
i could cite the answer the question I asked what word , hon. senator Carstairs took , to speak . 
the criteria are as follows : " I asked was Quels ? " 
it was the first was that the representation of women to address it in a report . 
it was on the parliamentary associations wrote that in 1993 . 
at the time of men were only Les delegations formées . 
in this regard , I have been replaced by Senator on Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I want the opportunity to look back my association preferred . 
i do not know how , when the decision about these two reports will be no Senate honourable House . 
the Senate is that each on television verdict . 
by a group of students , or to journalists wondered or other . 
that if we do ? 
it is true , I believe it . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
if any part in a position to a committee , he or she should accept provided a senator meetings . 
the words in which we are not the corridors hon. members : 
there is a question to the committee to study and do you today after two years in committee , " Présentez final '' . 
they do not know what they are not even when they stand to them , but the same breakfast considers their leaders . 
no they do not know what happened . 
the words " '' , " and " in the Senate is our commitment to speech continuité honourable way . 
in the way we will look at the beginning to address the next two weeks , independent senators . 
i do not do that , if we as parliamentarians who are concerned about the international committee créerai my own business . 
no one can we try to . 
the Honour the Speaker : 
is it the pleasure of the Senate and , if you want to adopt the motion , not speak any other hon. Senator honourable ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
